docs/source/getting_started.rst, before:

.. survey-analysis-framework
.. Framework to help developing analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.
..
.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 HIFIS Software <support@hifis.net>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
..
.. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.. it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.. the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.. (at your option) any later version.
..
.. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.. but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.. MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.. GNU General Public License for more details.
..
.. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.. along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.. _getting_started:

.. toctree::
    :glob:

***************
Getting Started
***************

Installing the Library
======================

You can use pip to install `survey_analysis`.

.. code-block:: sh

    pip install survey_analysis

Commit message:

Rename project from survey-analysis-framework to hifis-surveyval
* All occurrences of name 'survey-analysis-framework' are renamed to 'hifis-surveyval'.

docs/source/getting_started.rst, after:

.. hifis-surveyval
.. Framework to help developing analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.
..
.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 HIFIS Software <support@hifis.net>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
..
.. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.. it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.. the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.. (at your option) any later version.
..
.. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.. but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.. MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.. GNU General Public License for more details.
..
.. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.. along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.. _getting_started:

.. toctree::
    :glob:

***************
Getting Started
***************

Installing the Library
======================

You can use pip to install `hifis_surveyval`.

.. code-block:: sh

    pip install hifis_surveyval
