docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. hifis-surveyval
.. Framework to help developing analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.
..
.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 HIFIS Software <support@hifis.net>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
..
.. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.. it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.. the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.. (at your option) any later version.
..
.. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.. but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.. MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.. GNU General Public License for more details.
..
.. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.. along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.. SurveyAnalysis2020 documentation master file
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

SurveyAnalysis2020
==================

This project is used to develop analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   getting_started
   api
   development
   requirements



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Resolve "Create getting started guide"

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. hifis-surveyval
.. Framework to help developing analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.
..
.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 HIFIS Software <support@hifis.net>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
..
.. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.. it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.. the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.. (at your option) any later version.
..
.. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.. but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.. MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.. GNU General Public License for more details.
..
.. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.. along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.. SurveyAnalysis2020 documentation master file
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

SurveyAnalysis2020
==================

This project is used to develop analysis scripts for the HIFIS Software survey.

There are two scopes of developers within this project.

The first one is ``analysis script developer``, which are using
hifis-surveyval to analyse data sets. Please see the `Getting Started
<./pages/getting_started>`_ guide.

The other one is ``hifis-surveyval developer``, which are changing
hifis-surveyval itself. Please see the `Developer Guide
<./pages/development>`_.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   pages/getting_started
   pages/development
   pages/api

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
